table games with 6 columns.
they are Game stand for The game id, 
away stand for The name of away team,
home stand for The name of home team,
away_score stand for The final score of away team,
home_score stand for The final score of home team, and
Date stand for The date of the game hold.

table inning with 5 columns.
they are Game stand for The game id,
Inning tand for The Inning of the game (局數) e.g. T1, B1,
Runs tand for The points the attacker gets in the inning,
Hits tand for The errors(安打) in the Inning,
Errors tand for The errors(失誤數) in the Inning.

table hitters 11 columns
they are Game The game id
Team The name of hitter’s team
AB At Bats (打數)
H Hits (安打)
R Runs (得分), meaning you run back to the home base and get a point
RBI Run Batted In (打點), meaning your hit lead to points
BB Base on Balls (四壞保送)
K Strike Out (三振)
num_P The balls the hitter consumes in the game (投手對打者投了幾顆球，也可以算做打者當局比賽消耗了幾顆球)
Position The hitter position when defending
Hitter_Id The ID of the player

table pitchers
they are Game stand for The game id,
Team stand for The name of the pitcher’s team,
IP stand for The number of inning the pitcher pitched,
H stand for The number of hits(安打) on the pitch,
R stand for The runs(得分) on the pitch,
ER stand for The number of errors(失誤) of the pitch,
BB stand for The number of base on balls(四壞保送) of the pitch,
K stand for The number of strike out (三振) of the pitch,
HR stand for The number of home runs(全壘打) on the pitch,
PC-ST stand for Pitch Count - Strikes(投球數-好球數),
Pitcher_Id stand for The ID of the player.

table pitches with 9 columns.
they are Pitch_Id The index of the pitches
Game The game id
Event Id The current number of hitter in the game
Num The current number of the pitch on the hitter
Inning The Inning of the game (局數) e.g. Top 1st, Bottom 9th
Pitcher	The name of the pitcher
Pitch The result after the hit. e.g.“Strike Looking”、“Ground Out”
Type The type of the pitches (球種)
MPH The speed of the ball (球速)

table players with 2 columns.
they are Id The id of the player
Name The name of the player

